Update for new Mobile SDKs: Part 1 of 4 (#3572)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/code/android/index.md

	</li>
</ul>

## Add sign-in with Okta to your app

> There are two ways to integrate sign-in with Okta to your app. The easiest to integrate is the redirect model which uses the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget. You open the widget, Okta processes the sign-in attempt, and sends the result to your app. The other is the embedded model, where you manage each step in the sign-in flow. See [Overview of the mobile Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/mobile-idx-sdk-overview/ios/main/) for more detail.

Reviewer: This is the `android` markdown file, but the link to the IDX docs references the iOS version.

Author: Done, fixed in next commit.

> There are two ways to integrate sign-in with Okta to your app. The easiest to integrate is the redirect model which uses the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget. You open the widget, Okta processes the sign-in attempt, and sends the result to your app. The other is the embedded model, where you manage each step in the sign-in flow. See [Overview of the mobile Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/mobile-idx-sdk-overview/ios/main/) for more detail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to integrate sign-in with Okta to your app. The easiest to integrate is the redirect model that uses the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget. You open the widget, Okta processes the sign-in attempt, and then sends the result to your app. The other is the embedded model, where you manage each step in the sign-in flow. See [Overview of the mobile Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/mobile-idx-sdk-overview/ios/main/).
```

Author: Done, in next commit.

> There are two ways to integrate sign-in with Okta to your app. The easiest to integrate is the redirect model which uses the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget. You open the widget, Okta processes the sign-in attempt, and sends the result to your app. The other is the embedded model, where your manages each step in the sign-in flow. See [Overview of the mobile Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/mobile-idx-sdk-overview/ios/main/) for more detail.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are two ways to integrate sign-in with Okta to your app. The easiest to integrate is the redirect model which uses the Okta-hosted Sign-In Widget. You open the widget, Okta processes the sign-in attempt, and sends the result to your app. The other is the embedded model, where you manage each step in the sign-in flow. See [Overview of the mobile Identity Engine SDK](/docs/guides/mobile-idx-sdk-overview/ios/main/) for more detail.
```

Author: Done, in next commit.

### Use the redirect model

> This method works with both Okta Identity Engine and Okta Classic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method works with both Okta Identity Engine and Okta Classic Engine.
```

Author: Done, in next commit.

SDK: [Okta Mobile SDK for Kotlin](https://github.com/okta/okta-mobile-kotlin).

Example: [Browser Sign In](https://github.com/okta/samples-android/tree/master/browser-sign-in).

### Use the embedded model

> This method works only with Okta Identity Engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method works only with Identity Engine.
```

Author: Done, in next commit.
